# 2025-08-04 23:40

Hello there just keeping my streaks here and today there are good news and bad news, the good ones are I can type 70+ WPM on both English and Indonesia, even reaching 80 in Indonesia and I also use this keyboard for my project earlier this morning which is nice. The bad news is that I think one of the right thumb key needed to be fix, it's the key for my backspace and layer key to access symbols and numbers (well I guess I can hide my backspace usage with that layer key XD).

As for the problems I think that 6kyu is the hardest(?) one yet XD but in the end I solved it after trying my way through some paths. And for the other two they are very easy.

As for AI solutions I, it is basically just making my nested for loops to instead use join for my j for loop.

Oh and I forgot to tell this on top but currently my setup kinda improve in a way and it is also somewhat cool. So, I'm still in my pc setup but I use [NoMachine](https://www.nomachine.com/) to do remote viewing to my laptop and it is better than just sshing to my Linux laptop because I can basically use my Linuc laptop through NoMachine on my pc setup and that makes copy pasting my code to the AI far easier (this is for the AI solutions though not for solving the problems itself, but I do use google to find syntaxs). But yeah I think I will be using this setup for a while I guess. And FYI after testing other alternatives, AnyDesk and RustDesk I would say that NoMachine is the best one it is free, no account making and there's no trial needed, so if you want to do remote viewing I would recommend NoMachine.

> Typed in my custom Lazyvim configuration on the Cheapino, remote viewing to my laptop (runs Linux Mint) from my pc (runs Windows 11) using NoMachine
